                     AT&T SOURCE CODE AGREEMENT
                             Version 1.0

This Source Code Agreement (the "Agreement") provides the terms and conditions
pursuant to which AT&T Corp. ("AT&T") is willing to grant you ("YOU" or
"YOUR") a non-exclusive right to use the AT&T Source Code Release.  PLEASE
READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.  If YOU agree to only use the AT&T Source Code
Release in accordance with the following terms and conditions and are willing
to be bound by this Agreement in its entirety, acknowledge YOUR acceptance by
providing an affirmative response and downloading, or opening the AT&T Capsule
containing, the AT&T Source Code Release.

ARTICLE 1.0 -  YOUR REPRESENTATIONS

1.1. If YOU are an entity, or person other than the individual accepting this
Agreement, YOU warrant and represent that the individual accepting this
Agreement on YOUR behalf is YOUR legally authorized representative and is duly
authorized to accept agreements of this type on YOUR behalf and obligate YOU
to comply with its provisions.

1.2. YOU represent that YOU have read this Agreement in its entirety and fully
understand it.

1.3. YOU represent that all of YOUR Derived Product Build Materials are either
original or do not include any code obtained under license from a third party,
which license conflicts with YOUR obligations under this Agreement.  If any of
YOUR Derived Product Build Materials do include permitted third party code,
YOU represent that such Derived Product Build Materials also include complete
details concerning the license or other restrictions associated with such
code.

1.4. To the best of YOUR knowledge, YOU represent that the use of YOUR Derived
Product Build Materials does not infringe or misappropriate the rights of any
person or entity.

1.5. YOU represent that YOU will regularly monitor the AT&T Website for any
notices.


ARTICLE 2.0 -  DEFINITIONS

2.1. "AT&T Binaries" means the Files in object code form only which result
from compiling the AT&T Source Code Release.

2.2. "AT&T Capsule" means the File having the name ``libdjvu++-2.1.tar.gz'',
which will be downloaded after accepting, or was opened to access, this
Agreement.  By way of clarification only, when the term "AT&T Capsule" is used
in this Agreement, it only means the file identified above as furnished by
AT&T without change, enhancement, amendment, addition, deletion, alteration or
other modification (collectively, "Change" or variations thereof, including
"Changed" or "Changing").

2.3. "AT&T Source Code Patent Rights" means those claims of any patents owned
by AT&T and licensable without restriction or obligation which, absent a
license, are necessarily and unavoidably infringed by the use of the
functionality of the AT&T Source Code Release.

2.4. "AT&T Source Code Release" means the Files provided by AT&T to YOU
pursuant to this Agreement, which are all contained in compressed form in the
AT&T Capsule.  By way of clarification only, when the term "AT&T Source Code
Release" is used in this Agreement, it only means such Files without any
Change.

2.5. "AT&T Website" means the Internet website having the URL
``http://www.djvu.att.com/open''.  AT&T may Change the content or URL of the
AT&T Website, or remove it from the Internet altogether.

2.6. "Compilation Scripts" means the instructions for compiling code to
prepare a Derived Work.

2.7. "Derived Product" means a Software Product which is a derivative work (as
used in this Agreement, the term "derivative work" having the same meaning as
under U.S. Copyright Law) of the AT&T Source Code Release.

2.8. "Derived Product Build Materials" means, with reference to a Derived
Product, the Compilation Script, Other Source Code Files, if any, and Patch
used to prepare such Derived Product.

2.9. "Extension Product" means any Software Product with which YOU have
prepared a Derived Product to work, but only if: 

  (a) YOU, or the entity or person on whose behalf YOU created the 
      Derived Product, own, control or can otherwise license the source code
      used to prepare such Software Product; and,

  (b) Such Software Product is publicly distributed.  By way of example
      only, if a Derived Product is prepared by YOU to serve as a plug-in
      to another Software Product owned by YOU, such other Software Product
      is an "Extension Product."

2.10. "File" means a computer file containing, as the context may require,
source or object code ("Computer Code") instructions for controlling the
operation of a central processing unit or computer, or containing data or
textual information.

2.11. "IPR" means all rights protectable under intellectual property law
anywhere throughout the world, including rights protectable under patent,
copyright and trade secret laws, but not trademark rights.

2.12. "Other Source Code Files" means Files in source code form which do not
contain any

  (a) of the AT&T Source Code Release, or 

  (b) derivative work prepared from the AT&T Source Code Release. 

2.13. "Patch" means an instruction set for Changing any of the Files contained
in the AT&T Source Code Release.

2.14. "Proprietary Notice" means the following statement without Change:

``This software contains certain software code or other information ("AT&T
  Software") proprietary to AT&T Corp. ("AT&T").  The AT&T Software is
  provided to you "AS IS".  YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR USE
  OF THE AT&T SOFTWARE.  AT&T DOES NOT MAKE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, ANY
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
  LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
  PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY
  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, ANY WARRANTIES ARISING BY USAGE OF TRADE,
  COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR ANY WARRANTY THAT THE AT&T
  SOFTWARE IS "ERROR FREE" OR WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.

  You have the right to obtain from the person or entity who furnished this
  software to you, for free and under license, a copy of the source code for
  the AT&T Software together with any patches and other source code used in
  the build of this software.

  Unless you accept a license to use the AT&T Software, you shall not
  reverse compile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer this software to
  ascertain the source code for any AT&T Software.

  (C) AT&T Corp. All rights reserved.  
  AT&T is a registered trademark of AT&T Corp.''


2.15. "Software Product" means a collection of Files in object code form only
which, taken together, reasonably comprise a product, regardless of whether
such product is intended for internal use or commercial exploitation.  A
single File can comprise a Software Product.

ARTICLE 3.0 -  GRANT OF RIGHTS TO YOU

3.1. Copyright Grant.  Subject to third party intellectual property claims, if
any, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, AT&T grants to YOU under
AT&T's copyright rights in the AT&T Source Code Release, a non-exclusive,
fully paid-up license to:

  (a) Reproduce and distribute to others the AT&T Capsule;

  (b) Prepare from the AT&T Source Code Release, and execute and use, the AT&T 
      Binaries;

  (c) Prepare and distribute Patches for the AT&T Source Code Release; 

  (d) Prepare a Derived Product solely by compiling Other Source Code Files,
      if any, and the code resulting from operating a Patch on the AT&T Source
      Code Release; and

  (e) Execute, use and distribute to others Derived Products.

3.2. Patent Rights Grant.  Subject to third party intellectual property
claims, if any, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement, AT&T grants to
YOU under AT&T Source Code Patent Rights a non- exclusive, fully paid-up
license to:

  (a) Make exact reproductions of the AT&T Capsule; 

  (b) Make, only from compiling the AT&T Source Code Release, and use the AT&T 
      Binaries;

  (c) Distribute to others the AT&T Capsule; and,

  (d) Make and distribute to others Derived Products but, in the case of these
      rights, the license granted in this Section 3.2(d) shall only extend to
      that portion of a Derived Product which is Computer Code compiled from
      some portion, without Change, of the AT&T Source Code Release.

The license granted in this Section 3.2 does not include the right to combine
the AT&T Source Code Release or the AT&T Binaries with any hardware or other
software or use any of such combinations, except that, the AT&T Binaries may
be run by YOU on a computer.

3.3. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, YOU may create a
hyperlink between an Internet website owned and controlled by YOU and the AT&T
Website, which hyperlink describes in a fair and good faith manner where the
AT&T Capsule and AT&T Source Code Release may be found, provided that, YOU do
not frame the AT&T Website or otherwise give the false impression that AT&T is
somehow associated with, or otherwise endorses or sponsors YOUR website.  Any
goodwill associated with such hyperlink shall inure to the sole benefit of
AT&T.  Other than the creation of such hyperlink, nothing in this Agreement
shall be construed as conferring upon YOU any right to use any reference to
AT&T, its trade names, trademarks, service marks or any other indicia of
origin owned by AT&T, or to indicate that YOUR products or services are in any
way sponsored, approved or endorsed by AT&T.

3.4. Except as expressly set forth in this Article 3.0, no other rights or
licenses under any of AT&T’s IPR are granted or, by implication, estoppel or
otherwise, conferred.  By way of example only, no rights or licenses under any
of AT&T's patents are granted or, by implication, estoppel or otherwise,
conferred with respect to any portion of a Derived Product which is not
Computer Code compiled from some portion, without Change, of the AT&T Source
Code Release.

ARTICLE 4.0 -  YOUR DISTRIBUTION OBLIGATIONS

4.1. YOU shall only distribute the AT&T Capsule and Derived Product Build
Materials free of charge, without any form of compensation.  However, if YOU
furnish the AT&T Capsule or Derived Product Build Materials on any physical
media, YOU may charge for YOUR out-of-pocket expense for both the media and
shipping.  YOU may distribute Derived Products for a fee that it is fair and
reasonable compared to other similar products.

4.2. If YOU distribute Derived Product Build Materials (including if YOU are
required to do so pursuant to this Agreement), YOU shall ensure that the
recipient enters into and duly accepts a written agreement with YOU which
includes the minimum terms set forth in Appendix A (completed to indicate YOU
as the LICENSOR where provided) and no other provisions which, in AT&T's
opinion, conflict with YOUR obligations under, or the intent of, this
Agreement.  The written agreement may be in electronic form.

4.3. If YOU prepare a Derived Product that YOU distribute to a third party, or
use to provide a service or for YOUR own purposes, YOU shall:

  (a) Contact AT&T as may be provided on the AT&T Website or in a text file
      included with the AT&T Source Code Release and describe for AT&T such
      Derived Product and its Derived Product Build Materials;

  (b) Provide AT&T with a copy of such Derived Product Build Materials as
      directed by AT&T, unless YOU make them generally available on YOUR
      Internet website, in which case, YOU shall provide AT&T with the URL of
      YOUR website and hereby grant to AT&T a non-exclusive, fully-paid up
      right to create a hyperlink between YOUR website and a page associated
      with the AT&T Website;

  (c) Inform any third parties to whom you distribute, or provide services
      using, such Derived Product that the AT&T Capsule and source code for
      YOUR Derived Product Build Materials are available from YOU without
      charge;

  (d) Make such Derived Product generally available to anyone requesting a
      copy;

  (e) If requested by anyone, furnish to them any Derived Product Build
      Materials used to prepare such Derived Product (such Derived Product Build
      Materials being furnished in such a manner as to reasonable identify and
      facilitate the preparation of such Derived Product); and,

  (f) If requested by anyone interested in obtaining the AT&T Source Code
      Release, either furnish to them the AT&T Capsule or provide them with
      the URL for the AT&T Website.

4.4.  If YOU prepare a Derived Product, such product shall conspicuously
display to users, and any corresponding documentation and license agreement
shall include as a provision, the Proprietary Notice.

4.5. YOU shall publicly release for free over the Internet the source code for
that portion of any Extension Products which in any way uses or otherwise
manipulates data from Derived Products.  Such release shall be pursuant to an
agreement that, in AT&T's opinion, is consistent with this Agreement and the
attached Appendix A, and YOU shall make all reasonable efforts to publicize
such release.

ARTICLE 5.0 -  YOUR GRANT OF RIGHTS TO AT&T IN MODIFICATIONS

5.1. YOU grant to AT&T under any IPR owned or licensable by YOU which in any
way relates to YOUR Patches, a non-exclusive, perpetual, worldwide, fully
paid-up, unrestricted, irrevocable license, along with the right to sublicense
others, to (a) make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import any
products, services or any combination of products or services, and (b)
reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works based on, perform and display
YOUR Patches.

ARTICLE 6.0 -  AS IS CLAUSE / LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

6.1. The AT&T Source Code Release and AT&T Capsule are provided to YOU "AS
IS".  YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THEM INCLUDING
THE RISK OF ANY DEFECTS OR INACCURACIES THEREIN.  AT&T DOES NOT MAKE, AND
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF
ANY IPR OR TRADEMARK RIGHTS, ANY WARRANTIES ARISING BY USAGE OF TRADE, COURSE
OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR ANY WARRANTY THAT THE AT&T SOURCE CODE
RELEASE OR AT&T CAPSULE ARE "ERROR FREE" WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.

6.2. IN NO EVENT SHALL AT&T BE LIABLE FOR (a) ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE)
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE AT&T SOURCE CODE RELEASE OR
AT&T CAPSULE, EVEN IF AT&T OR ANY OF ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, (a) ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO
ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN THE AT&T SOURCE CODE RELEASE OR
AT&T CAPSULE, OR (c) ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY.

ARTICLE 7.0 -  GENERAL

7.1. YOU shall not assert against AT&T or any of its affiliated companies any
claim for infringement or misappropriation of any IPR or trademark rights in
any way relating to the AT&T Source Code Release, including any such claims
relating to any Patches.

7.2. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is deemed illegal or
unenforceable, this Agreement shall automatically terminate.  AT&T may, but is
not obligated to, post on the AT&T Website a new version of this Agreement
which, in AT&T's opinion, reasonably preserves the intent of this Agreement.

7.3. YOUR rights and license (but not any of YOUR obligations) under this
Agreement shall terminate automatically in the event that (a) notice of a
non-frivolous claim by a third party relating to the AT&T Source Code Release
or AT&T Capsule is posted on the AT&T Website, (b) YOU have knowledge of any
such a claim, (c) any of YOUR representations or warranties in Article 1.0 are
false or inaccurate, (d) YOU exceed the rights and license granted to YOU or
(e) YOU fail to fully comply with any provision of this Agreement.

7.4. Without limiting any of AT&T’s rights under this Agreement or at law or
in equity, or otherwise expanding the scope of the license and rights granted
hereunder, if YOU fail to perform any of YOUR obligations under this Agreement
with respect to any of YOUR Patches or Derived Products, or if YOU do any act
which exceeds the scope of the license and rights granted herein, then such
Patches, Derived Products and acts are not licensed or otherwise authorized
under this Agreement and such failure shall also be deemed a breach of this
Agreement.  In addition to all other relief available to it for any breach of
YOUR obligations under this Agreement, AT&T shall be entitled to an injunction
requiring YOU to perform such obligations.

7.5. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, USA, without regard to its conflicts of law
rules. This Agreement shall be fairly interpreted in accordance with its terms
and without any strict construction in favor of or against either AT&T or YOU.
Any suit or proceeding YOU bring relating to this Agreement shall be brought
and prosecuted only in New York, New York, USA.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


APPENDIX A - MINIMUM TERMS
LICENSOR: ______________

LICENSE AGREEMENT

This License Agreement (the "Agreement") provides the terms and conditions
pursuant to which you ("LICENSEE") are granted by LICENSOR a non-exclusive
license to exploit the Build Materials (as defined below).  PLEASE READ THIS
AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.

ARTICLE 1.0 -  REPRESENTATIONS

1.1. If LICENSEE is an entity, or person other than the individual accepting
this Agreement, LICENSEE warrants and represents that the individual accepting
this Agreement on LICENSEE'S behalf is LICENSEE'S legally authorized
representative and is duly authorized to accept agreements of this type on
LICENSEE'S behalf and obligate LICENSEE to comply with its provisions.

1.2. LICENSEE represents that LICENSEE has read this Agreement in its entirety
and fully understand it.

1.3. LICENSEE represents that LICENSEE understands that no rights or licenses
of any kind under any IPR owned or controlled by AT&T. Corp. ("AT&T") are
granted or, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, conferred by this
Agreement.

ARTICLE 2.0 -  DEFINITIONS

2.1. "AT&T Source Code Agreement" means the agreement available at the
Internet website having the URL ``http://www.djvu.att.com/open'', or accessed
by opening the computer file having the name ``ATTLICENSE'', if such file is
furnished to LICENSEE.

2.2. "AT&T Source Code Release" means the computer files owned by AT&T which
can be obtained under license at the Internet website having the URL
``http://www.djvu.att.com/open'', or by opening the computer file having the
name ``libdjvu++-2.1.tar.gz'', if such file is furnished to LICENSEE.

2.3. "Build Materials" means the compilation script, Patch files and other
source code files, if any, furnished by LICENSOR to LICENSEE free of charge
pursuant to this Agreement.  THE BUILD MATERIALS INCLUDE SOFTWARE OR OTHER
INFORMATION PROPRIETARY TO AT&T.  LICENSEE'S EXERCISE OF ONE OR MORE OF THE
RIGHTS GRANTED IN SECTION 3.1 OF THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT

  (a) FIRST ENTERING INTO THE AT&T SOURCE CODE AGREEMENT, AND

  (b) ABIDING BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUCH AGREEMENT 

MAY (AND IF LICENSEE HAS USED ANY PATCH, LICENSEE WILL) INFRINGE OR
MISAPPROPRIATE IPR OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY AT&T.

2.4. "IPR" means all rights protectable under intellectual property law
anywhere throughout the world, including rights protectable under patent,
copyright and trade secret laws, but not trademark rights.

2.5. "Patch" means an instruction set for changing, enhancing, amending,
adding to, deleting from, altering or otherwise modifying any Software
contained in the AT&T Source Code Release.

2.6. "Software" means any source or object code instructions for controlling
the operation of a central processing unit or computer, or computer files
containing data or textual information.

ARTICLE 3.0 -  GRANT OF RIGHTS TO LICENSEE

3.1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, LICENSOR grants to
LICENSEE under any IPR owned or licensable by LICENSOR which relates to the
Build Materials, a non-exclusive, fully paid-up license, with the right to
sublicense others, to

  (a) make, have made, use, sell free of charge and import, any products or
      services; and

  (b) reproduce, distribute, perform and display all or any portion of the
      Build Materials, and prepare derivative works based on the Build
      Materials and reproduce, distribute, perform and display such derivative
      works.

ARTICLE 4.0 -  LICENSEE'S DISTRIBUTION OBLIGATIONS

4.1. Unless otherwise permitted by the AT&T Source Code Agreement, LICENSEE
shall only distribute any products licensed pursuant to this Agreement free of
charge, without any form of compensation.  However, if LICENSEE furnishes a
product on any physical media, LICENSEE may charge for LICENSEE'S
out-of-pocket expense for both the media and shipping.

4.2. If LICENSEE distributes any products licensed pursuant to this Agreement
or source code required pursuant to Section 4.3(b), LICENSEE shall ensure that
the recipient enters into and duly accepts a written agreement with LICENSEE
which includes the minimum terms set forth in this Agreement and no other
provisions which conflict with the obligations under, or the intent of, this
Agreement.

4.3. If LICENSEE shall prepare, or have prepared for it, a product licensed
pursuant to this Agreement, LICENSEE shall:

  (a) Inform any third parties (including AT&T) to whom LICENSEE distributes,
      or provides services using, such product that the source code for any
      Software which is part of such product is available from LICENSEE
      without charge;

  (b) Distribute, without charge, such source code to any third parties
      requesting a copy; and,

  (c) Make such product generally available to anyone requesting a copy.

ARTICLE 5.0 -  AS IS CLAUSE / LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

5.1. The Build Materials contain certain software or other information ("AT&T
Software") proprietary to AT&T.  The AT&T Software is provided to LICENSEE "AS
IS".  LICENSEE ASSUMES TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR USE OF THE AT&T
SOFTWARE.  AT&T DOES NOT MAKE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WARRANTIES
OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY IPR or TRADEMARK RIGHTS, ANY WARRANTIES
ARISING BY USAGE OF TRADE, COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR ANY
WARRANTY THAT THE AT&T SOFTWARE IS "ERROR FREE" OR WILL MEET LICENSEE'S
REQUIREMENTS.

5.2. IN NO EVENT SHALL AT&T BE LIABLE FOR (a) ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE)
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE AT&T SOFTWARE, EVEN IF AT&T
OR ANY OF ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES, (a) ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER
INACCURACIES IN THE AT&T SOFTWARE, OR (c) ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY.

ARTICLE 6.0 -  GENERAL

6.1. LICENSEE shall not assert against AT&T or any of its affiliated companies
any claim for infringement or misappropriation of any IPR or trademark rights
in any way relating to the AT&T Source Code Release.

6.2. LICENSEE'S rights and license (but not any of LICENSEE'S obligations)
under this Agreement shall terminate automatically in the event that (a) any
of LICENSEE'S representations or warranties in Article 1.0 are false or
inaccurate, (b) LICENSEE exceed the rights and license granted to LICENSEE or
(c) LICENSEE fails to fully comply with any provision of this Agreement.

6.3. AT&T shall be entitled, in its own name and without joining LICENSOR as a
party, to enforce against LICENSEE in an action for breach of contract, any
provision of this Agreement which protects, limits the liability of, or
otherwise benefits AT&T.  In addition to all other relief available to AT&T in
any such action, AT&T shall be entitled to an injunction requiring LICENSEE to
comply with any such provision.

6.4. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of New York, USA, without regard to its conflicts of law
rules. This Agreement shall be fairly interpreted in accordance with its terms
and without any strict construction in favor of or against either party.  Any
suit or proceeding relating to this Agreement shall be brought and prosecuted
only in New York, New York, USA.  

END OF MINIMUM TERMS



 
